Stab at introduction to federation (#160)
wireapp/wire-docs: src/understand/federation/introduction.rst

Introduction
============

Federation is a feature that allows a collection of Wire backends to facilitate
connections between their respective users.

Goals
-----

If two Wire backends A and B are *federated*, the goal is for users of backend A
to be able to communicate with users of backend B and vice-versa in the same way
as if they were both part of the same backend.

Federated backends should be able to identify, discover and authenticate
one-another using the domain names under which they are reachable via the
network.

To enable federation, administrators of a Wire backend can decide to either

> specifically list the backends that they want to federate with, or those that
> they do *not* want to federate with.

Reviewer: We currently don't have a block list implemented, so I suggest the following:

```suggestion
specifically list the backends that they want to federate with, or to allow federation with all Wire backends reachable from that respective network
```

If a block list is desired at some point, we can also add it.
